# CS410_hw1

For Assignment 1, this PSET was quite challenging. I managed to get most of the functionalities working for finds and creating my own printf. In my code, you will find C files, directory.c, main.c which are main files to compile for the "finds" ELF file. Along with the necessary header files to make sure it has references to functions when it's linked together during linking. The Makefile is created to automate the process of compiling C files to object files and linking the necessary object files to the corresponsing executable file. my_printf.c and itoa.c is used to compile my own printf to work.

### Finds
For finds, I used most of the code from the UNIX Programming book to do file traversing. So when it traverses through a file, it will the contents of the file and then continue traversing through a directory until all the files have been read. If theres a subdirectory, it will also open that directory and continue reading through the sub directory contents. For parsing the command line arguments, I used getopt to make sure that all the required flags are available in the command line before calling the function to traverse. I accounted for the requirements and flags for the command line where if -f is activated, it must take either .c, .s, .H character to indicate the file extensions to search for.  -l flag is also accounted as an optional flag where if the flag is not available, it would indicate a value of 0 to not search for files and symbolic links. If the -l flag is specified, it will search through the directory and files with symbolic links. -s flag is also required for this program so it will not run if no argument is given for -s flag. The only thing that may not have been accounted for are infinite loops with symbolic links For the regular expressions, I managed to implement most of the wildcard patterns but it took a lot of work and a lot of lines of codes written as I didn't go through the approach of implement a DFA. The program does accept wildcard searches along with the functionalities of parentheses but I'm not sure yet on how efficient my program would work as there were a lot of cases to account for. For the parentheses, it supports single wildcard pattern searching but not for multi wildcard pattern searches as that was a bit complicated to implement.
### Myprintf
For creating my own printf, I used some inline assembly instruction to get the arguments passed on from the command line into the registers or to the stack if more than 5 arguments are passed in. Main functionalities work normally just like printf for the format specifiers s,c,u,d,x and even print back out non format specifier characters from the format string.
